2101 User Guide: Add Member commands (#287)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-F11-1/tp: docs/2101UserGuide.md

<hr class="feature-class-separator">

### Member Commands
The vitality of a CCA lies in its members. CCACommander allows you to manage your members with the commands below:

#### Create a Member: `createMember`
When you first start CCACommander and want to populate CCACommander with your members, you can do it with just one simple command - `createMember`!

Here is how you can use it:<br>
`createMember n/MEMBER_NAME g/GENDER [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`

> Here is an example command where we create a member **named** "Lim Jun Jie" with **gender** "Male", **phone number** of "83498018", **email** of "limjunjie@gmail.com", home **address** of "19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278" and a "publicity" **tag**:

Reviewer: Hmm if we include dylan's extra part of `to reflect his role as ....` but not include in some commands will it be inconsistent and wrong?

Reviewer 2: I don't think it is wrong, because it is just about how you want to make it sound friendlier.

> Here is an example command where we create a member **named** "Lim Jun Jie" with **gender** "Male", **phone number** of "83498018", **email** of "limjunjie@gmail.com", home **address** of "19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278" and a "publicity" **tag** to indicate he is in the publicity department:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is an example command where we create a member **named** "Lim Jun Jie" with **gender** "Male", **phone number** of "83498018", **email** of "limjunjie@gmail.com", home **address** of "19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278" and a "publicity" **tag**: 
```

I think can shorten the example here

Author: Sure

`createMember n/Lim Jun Jie g/Male p/83498018 e/limjunjie@gmail.com a/19 Kent Ridge Crescent, Singapore 119278 t/publicity`

<figure>
    <img src="images/createMemberPostCommand.png"
         alt="createMember Post Command">
    <figcaption>After executing the <code>createMember</code> command</figcaption>

> </figure>

Reviewer 3: hi hi this looks fine. Just that I'd like to ask if there's any pros of using these html tags instead of 
```![image](images/image_path)``` like in the other sections

Author: This is so that we can put a caption under the image.

Reviewer 3: ah okie got it :0

<hr class="command-separator">

#### Edit a Member: `editMember`
If you accidentally make a typo while creating your member, do not worry! You can quickly fix it with the `editMember` command.

Here is how you can use it:<br>
`editMember MEMBER_INDEX [n/MEMBER_NAME] [g/GENDER] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]...`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

> :information_source: At least one field must be provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:information_source: Remember to provide at least one field to be edited!
```
Can we make it more user friendly?

> :information_source: At least one field must be provided.

Reviewer: Should we add something at the end to make it sound friendlier?
```suggestion
:information_source: At least one field must be provided for you to run the command.
```
or
```suggestion
:information_source: At least one field must be provided for the command to work.
```
not exactly sure if it's better.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:information_source: Remember to provide at least one field to be edited!
```
How about this?

Author: @dylkaw's suggestion sounds good

> :bulb: At least one field must be provided

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:bulb: At least one field must be provided.
```

Author: Updated

</div>

> Here is an example command where we edit the first **member** in the displayed list, changing their **phone number** to "91234567" and **email** to "johndoe@example.com":

Reviewer 3: I think member no need to be in bold here cause we tend to highlight the parameters :0

Reviewer 3: oh a suggestion, should we do 
```suggestion
Here is an example command where we edit the member at **index** 1 in the displayed list, changing their **phone number** to "91234567" and **email** to "johndoe@example.com":
```
or is the original phrasing more user-friendly.

Author: Thats a good suggestion, I will use that instead

`editMember 1 p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com`

<hr class="command-separator">
#### Delete a Member : `deleteMember`

> If a member leaves your CCA, get over the disappointment by swiftly removing them from CCACommander using the `deleteMember` command!

Reviewer: Do you think this sentence actually reads a bit funnily? We are disappointed and then we swiftly remove them from the app feels a bit weird to me but it does sound friendlier.

Reviewer 2: I think it's like once you remove them you wont need to think about them any more?

Author: How about:
If a member leaves your CCA, you can swiftly clear their record using the `deleteMember` command!

Here is how you can use it:<br>
 `deleteMember MEMBER_INDEX`

> Here is an example command where we delete the first **member** in the displayed list:

Reviewer 3: same suggestion as previous comment

Author: Updated

`deleteMember 1`

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-primary">

> :bulb: The `MEMBER_INDEX` parameter refers to the index number shown in the **currently displayed** member list. We recommend you to use the `list` command to see the full member list before using the `editMember` or `deleteMember` commands.

Reviewer 2: I think this tip can be changed to an information block and the recommendation removed, because there are still use cases as to why a user may want to edit or delete a member without using the `list` command, for example after a find.

Author: Agree, will do that
